
1. Run w to Bardington the Bard in At a bench outside the Alehouse (886) and 'say Help' to start
the goal and open task 1.

Task 1: Interrogate the patrons and find some interesting stories.
1. Find the following mobs (they all wander) and 'listen' to each to close task and open task 2:
A. Brandt
B. Jessarle the Meek
C. Jurn the Barbarian
D. Kalaan the Unremarkable
E. Krelna the Ranger
F. Pharzon the Great
G. Plazz the Mediocre
H. Reskel the Godfearing
I. Warom the Navigator
J. Ac'hek the Unseen (no-scan, might need to listen multiple times)

Task 2: Return to Bardington and relay the stories.
1. Return to Bardington the Bard in At a bench outside the Alehouse to close task and open task 3.

Task 3: Steal three casks of wine for Bardington.
1. Find either Brandt or a waitress and kill them for the stockroom key.
A. Key is rot-death. If you have the steal skill, you can steal the key to avoid setting a
timer on it.
2. From the start of the area, open north;run 3n;open down;run d to In the stockroom (926).
3. Kill, push, or otherwise remove any gloomy stockroom workers from the room, then 'steal cask'
for a heavy cask a wine.
A. You do not need the steal skill to do this.
B. casks have a timer of about ten minutes. Be fast on the next step.
4. Run u3sw to Bardington the Bard in At a bench outside the Alehouse and 'give cask Bardington'.
A. Bouncers will attack you if they see you with a cask. Invis, hide, and sneak to avoid them,
or simply kill them and move on.
5. Repeat steps 2 - 4 twice more to give Bardington a total of three casks, close task, and open
task 4.

Task 4: Start a huge brawl in the Alehouse!
1. Make sure the hand to hand skill is practiced and remove all weapons.
2. find a big burly bouncer and attack him until he leaves to join the fight on the dance floor.
A. If you're very high level, you might need to remove gear, heal bouncer, etc. to keep him
alive long enough for the prog to fire.
3. Repeat step 2 nine more times to close task and open task 5.

Task 5: Listen to Bardington's poem.
1. Return to Bardington the Bard in At a bench outside the Alehouse to be attacked by an enraged
bar brawler. Fight it until task closes and task 6 opens.

Task 6: Seek out some interesting dirt on the Alehouse patrons.
1. If you do not already have the Alehouse keyring from killing Brandt earlier, find and kill him
for one.
2. From the start of the area, open north;run neu2w;open south;run s to Guest room three (923) and
'look papers' to receive the Alehouse blueprints and update task with a hint.
3. Run n2edw;open south;run s2en;open north;run 2ne;open north;run n to The Unicorn Stable (896)
and 'free unicorn' to receive Essence of Unicorn Magic, update task with a hint, and be attacked
by Brandt the Furious and 3x an Alehouse thug.
4. Run sws;open south;run 2s3w to Bardington the Bard in At a bench Outside the Alehouse and
'give essence Bardington;give keyring Bardington;give blueprints Bardington' to close task and
complete the goal.

Rewards: 20qp
